Ras and Jai are sitting selling tea and coffee to help you. They
came from Gaza. We have nothing. We are neither
conscious nor
need. I get things to sell. I help my brothers with the
money I earn from them. This one brings
things for my brothers and I give them money. We got out of Gaza
with difficulty.
The tanks were beside us and they were kidnapping and throwing
missiles.
I mentioned my cousins, my uncles, my lady, my six, and all my relatives, and I
miss her neighborhood
too. I miss everything about us here in
the zone. I hope the war will end and I can rest in peace.
[Music]
It is difficult for us to light firewood, and we
buy firewood for 30 shekels when we fire, and cardboard and paper and the
night to
light gas and nothing else.
Fire on fire by doing everything